I created it with js through the Visual code.
Then, I pushed my work to my GitHub.
For publishing it to the GitHub, I did changes in the settings.
changed the repository name here
in the "GitHub Pages" set the source and then save
by clicking on the link that is created, the page will be open
here is the home page, and here are the about and contact page link
by clicking on the "About", it will show the part that explain about me
by clicking on the "Contact", it will go to the part that has my email addres
that you can send me an email,
and here is my home office address
as you can see, some of my projects are in the home page
a Mono with the C#
a reservation C# programming is another one
and an Android mobile voting app
here is an online order book, that uses php for the backend
Thank you for watching